---
title: Terms Of Use 
description: my terms of use
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

# Terms of Use #
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. Access to and use of this website (www.FoxCorporation.com) (this “Site”) is provided by Fox Corporation (“Fox” or “Company”) subject to the following terms (“Terms of Use”):

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS SITE IS NOT USED FOR THE TRANSMISSION OR HOSTING OF ANY THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, DATA, OR COMMUNICATION LINK AND THAT THIS SITE DOES NOT QUALIFY AS AN INTERMEDIARY.


## Acceptance of Terms ##
By visiting and using this Site you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, including any future modifications, and to abide by all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site. Please note that these Terms of Use may be revised and reissued without notice at any time by updating this posting. Your continued use of this Site will be deemed acceptance of any revisions. Affiliates of Fox (“**Affiliated Companies**”) operate a large number of websites, mobile applications and other services associated with their businesses, brands and products, which may have terms of use that differ from these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use do not apply to websites, mobile applications and other services offered by Affiliated Companies. A list of Affiliated Companies is located via the [Business Segments link](https://www.foxcorporation.com/) on the home page of this Site.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THE “[ARBITRATION AGREEMENT](https://www.foxcorporation.com/terms-of-use/)” SECTION BELOW CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT REQUIRE (i) WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, ALL DISPUTES ARISING BETWEEN YOU AND COMPANY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TO BE RESOLVED IN BINDING ARBITRATION, AND NOT IN COURT; AND (ii) US RESIDENTS AND COMPANY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DISPUTES.  [PLEASE CLICK HERE](https://www.foxcorporation.com/terms-of-use/) TO READ AND REVIEW THE ENTIRE SECTION LABELED “ARBITRATION AGREEMENT” BELOW.  BY USING THIS SITE AND ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.  PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.

## Age (Indian residents only) ##

This Site is designed and intended for use by residents of India who are at least 18 years of age. You may not register for or use the Site if: (i) you are under 18 years of age; or (ii) we have previously terminated any account made by you, and advised you that you may no longer use this Site or any of our other services or functionalities provided by the Site. If you are under 18 years of age, you may only access or use our Site via a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority), you will need to operate the App as a caregiver, on behalf of any under 18 years of age. If you are accessing or using our Site on behalf of, or to represent the interests of another person or entity, you represent that you are authorized to accept these Terms of Use on that person or entity’s behalf and that the person or entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or the other person or entity violates these Terms of Use. You undertake not to misrepresent your identity or your affiliation with any person or entity in connection with the use of this Site.

## Access ##

The Company may change, suspend, or discontinue this Site (or any feature thereof) at any time.  The Company may also impose limits on certain features and services offered on this Site or restrict your access to parts or all of this website without notice or liability. You acknowledge that from time to time the website may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i) equipment malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs which Company may undertake from time to time; or (iii) causes beyond the control of Company or which are not reasonably foreseeable by Company.

## Legal Disclaimer ##
This Site has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about Fox and the services and products Fox and its Affiliated Companies offer, however, nothing on this Site constitutes an offer. This Site and the data presented to you on it has been complied in good faith by Fox. However, no representation is made as to the completeness or accuracy of the information on this Site. In particular, you should be aware that this information may be incomplete, may contain errors, or may have become out of date. Fox makes no commitment, and disclaims any duty, to update any reports available on the Site to reflect subsequent events or circumstances except as required by law, including the reports filed by Fox with the Securities and Exchange Commission and listed on this Site, which speak only as of the date of the respective report or reporting period indicated on the respective report. Fox reserves the right to add, modify or delete any information on this Site at any time.

## Content on this Website ##
This Site and the content and materials contained on this Site (collectively, “Content”) are protected by copyrights, patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights under the laws of the United States, India, and other countries. Fox respects the intellectual property rights of others and asks users of this Site to do the same.

Your right to make use of this Site and any Content appearing on it is subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use. This Site and any Content appearing on it may be used only for your personal and non-commercial use. You agree not to copy, reproduce, modify, display, perform, publish, create derivative works from, or store any content or materials appearing on this Site, without the express prior written consent of Fox.  You may not, without Company’s written permission, “mirror” any Content contained on the Site or any other server.  You may not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Agreement.  You may not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site through hacking, password mining, or any other means.  Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site, or any portion thereof, at any time, for any reason or no reason at all, without prior notice or any notice.

Use or modification of the Content on this Site for any purpose not permitted by these Terms of Use is prohibited.

## Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement ##
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content on this Site infringes your copyright, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Copyright Act, 1957 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act by providing our Designated Agent (as set forth below) with the following information in writing:

- Your physical or electronic signature or the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
- Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on this Site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on this Site;
- Description of the work with adequate information to identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
- Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if applicable, e-mail address;
- A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
- A statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate, and under the penalty of perjury for US residents, that you are the copyright owner or you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Additional information is required of the copyright owner or agent under the Copyright Act, 1957 (Indian residents only)

- Details of the location where transient or incidental storage of the copyrighted work is taking place;
- Details establishing that the copy of the work which is the subject matter of transient or incidental storage is an infringing copy of the matter of transient or incidental storage is an infringing copy of the work owned by the complainant and that the allegedly infringing act is not permitted by the Copyright Act, 1957;
- Details of the person, if known, who is responsible for uploading the work infringing the copyright of the complainant; and
- An undertaking that the complainant shall file an infringement suit in the competent court against the person responsible for uploading the infringing copy and produce the orders of the competent court having jurisdiction, within a period of twenty-one days from the receipt of the notice.

Written notification of claimed infringement must be submitted to the following Designated Agent:

Fox Corporation Attn: Copyright Agent 2121 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 900 Los Angeles, CA 90067 Email:  FoxDMCA@fox.com Phone: 310-369-3921

Fox Corporation will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement and reserves the right to remove any Content that infringes the copyright of any person under applicable copyright laws. The Company has a policy of terminating repeat infringers’ access to our websites in appropriate circumstances.

For clarity, only notices of claims for alleged copyright infringement should be sent to the Designated Agent.

## Privacy ##
Your use of this Site also is governed by our [Privacy Policy](https://foxcorporate.alley.ws/privacy-policy/) , which is incorporated into and is part of these Terms by this reference

## External Links and Services ##
Company may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other websites, applications, resources, or other services created by unaffiliated third parties (“External Services”), such as Facebook and Twitter. When you engage with a provider of an External Service, you are interacting with the unaffiliated third party, not with Company.  If you choose to use an External Service and share information with it, the provider of the External Service may use and share your data in accordance with its privacy policy and your privacy settings on such External Service.  Company encourages you not to provide any personally identifiable information to or through any External Service unless you know and are comfortable with the party with whom you are interacting.  In addition, the provider of the External Service may use other parties to provide portions of the application or service to you, such as technology, development or other services.  When you access External Services, you do so at your own risk.

## Disclaimer of Warranties ##
YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND OTHER MATERIALS CONTAINED OR USED IN THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE, ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AND WARRANTIES IMPLIED FOR A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR COURSE OF DEALING, AS WELL AS ANY GUARANTY OR ASSURANCE THE WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND OTHER MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO APPLY TO YOU, THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA, PROPERTY DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH) RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, PROBLEMS OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION IN CONNECTION WITH ITS USE, ATTENDANCE AT A COMPANY EVENT, ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEBSITE, ANY THIRD PARTY ADVERTISEMENT OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE TRANSMITTED ON, THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEBSITE.  YOUR USE OF USER CONTENT, THIRD PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS, THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND THE GOODS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ANY THIRD PARTIES IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY AND AT YOUR OWN RISK.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, AND ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED OR RECEIVED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, MAY NOT BE SECURE AND MAY BE INTERCEPTED BY UNAUTHORIZED PARTIES.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, FOX IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY MALICIOUS CODE, DELAYS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY MAINTENANCE, REPAIR OR CORRECTION TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER PROPERTY OR RECOVERY OR RECONSTRUCTION OF LOST DATA NECESSITATED BY YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY SERVICES.

Limitation of Liability

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FOX’S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO FOX FOR THE WEBSITE DURING THE TERM OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FOX WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES OTHER THAN THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO FOX FOR THE WEBSITE DURING THE TERM OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY OTHER GENERAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE. 

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY DAMAGES YOU INCUR ARISING OUT OF COMPANY’S ACTS OR OMISSIONS OR YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE ARE NOT IRREPARABLE AND ARE INSUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF RESTRICTING THE AVAILABILITY OF OR ANY PERSON’S ABILITY TO ACCESS ANY PORTION OF THIS WEBSITE.

THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES.

## Dispute Resolution: Arbitration Agreement ##
(1) Company, including its Affiliated Companies, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, and you agree that any Dispute (as defined herein) between you and Company, regarding any aspect of your relationship with Company, will be resolved in a binding, confidential, individual, and fair arbitration process, and not in court. 

## Each US-resident and Company agrees to give up the right to sue in court. ##
(2) The term “**Dispute**” is to be given the broadest possible meaning that will be enforced and shall include any dispute, claim, demand, count, cause of action, or controversy between you and Company, whether based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, negligence, or any other intentional tort), or any other legal or equitable theory. The term “**Dispute**” specifically includes, but is not limited to, any disputes, actions, claims, or controversies between you and the Company that arise from or in any way relate to or concern any Content, products or services provided by Company including but not limited to the Company Services (as defined above), this Arbitration Agreement, any other aspect of these Terms of Use (including their applicability and their conformance to applicable law), any billing disputes, and any disputes relating to telephonic, text message, or any other communications either of us received from the other.

For US residents, the only exceptions to this Arbitration Agreement are that (i) each of you and Company retains the right to sue in small claims court and (ii) each of you and Company may bring suit in court against the other to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. Disputes over whether these exceptions apply shall be resolved by the court in which such action has been brought; all other disputes over arbitrability shall be resolved by the arbitrator.

(3) An arbitrator must follow this Arbitration Agreement.  The arbitrator, however, can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief, or statutory damages); provided that they are recoverable under these Terms of Use.

Indian-residents and Company submit themselves to arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement and agree not to commence any suit, action or proceeding relating thereto except in such courts, and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the right to move to dismiss or transfer any action brought in such courts on the basis of any objection to personal jurisdiction or venue.

(4) You and the Company acknowledge and agree to abide by the following rules for arbitration:

(a) Indian Residents: In case of failure of the parties to settle a Dispute amicably within 15 (fifteen) days, either party shall be entitled to refer such Dispute for final and binding arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“**SIAC**”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("**SIAC Rules**"), for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat and venue of the arbitration shall be Bangalore, India, and be held in English language, with the arbitration tribunal consisting of 3 (three) arbitrators appointed based on the SIAC Rules.

The arbitrator's award shall be substantiated in writing and the parties shall submit to the arbitrator's award which shall be final and binding on the Parties and may be used (without limitation) as a basis for judgment in any country which has ratified the 1958 New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards.

(b) US Residents: YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE OR MULTI-CLAIMANT PROCEEDING, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE NO POWER TO AWARD CLASS-WIDE RELIEF; (b) Company will pay arbitration costs as required by the JAMS Consumer Arbitration Minimum Standards and consistent with paragraph 3 under “US-Residents” section below; (c) the arbitrator may award any individual relief or individual remedies that are permitted by applicable law and these Terms of Use; and (d) each side pays his, her or its own attorneys’ fees, except as otherwise provided in paragraph 6 under “US-Residents” section below.

(5) Each of you and Company may incur attorneys’ fees during the arbitration. Each side agrees to pay his, her or its own attorneys’ fees unless the claim(s) at issue permit the prevailing party to be paid its attorneys’ fees, and in such instance, the fees awarded shall be determined by the applicable law(s). In addition to whatever rights you may have to recover your attorneys’ fees under applicable law, if you prevail in the arbitration, and if Company failed to make a settlement offer to you before the arbitration or the amount you win is at least 25% greater than Company’s highest settlement offer, then Company will pay your reasonable attorneys’ fees in addition to the amount the arbitrator awarded.  If Company wins the arbitration, you will be responsible for your own attorneys’ fees.  In addition, if the arbitrator, at the request of the winning party, finds that the losing party brought a claim or asserted a defense frivolously or for an improper purpose, then regardless of the amount in dispute, the arbitrator must order the losing party to pay both sides’ arbitration fees and may order the losing party to pay the winning party’s reasonable attorneys’ fees, unless such an award of fees is prohibited by applicable law.

(6) The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief, only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim, only as permitted by applicable law, and only to the extent that declaratory and injunctive relief are permitted by these Terms of Use.  The arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive, exemplary, multiplied or consequential damages or any other relief not allowed under this Arbitration Agreement.  The arbitrator also may not order Company to pay any monies to or take any actions with respect to persons other than you, unless Company explicitly consents in advance, after an arbitrator is selected, to permit the arbitrator to enter such an order.  Further, unless Company expressly agrees, the arbitrator may not consolidate other persons’ claims with yours, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, multi-claimant or class proceeding.

(7) You and Company agree to maintain the confidential nature of the arbitration proceeding and shall not disclose the fact of the arbitration, any documents exchanged as part of any mediation,  proceedings of the arbitration, the arbitrator’s decision and the existence or amount of any award, except as may be necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration (in which case anyone becoming privy to confidential information must undertake to preserve its confidentiality), or except as may be necessary in connection with a court application for a provisional remedy, a judicial challenge to an award or its enforcement, an order confirming the award, or unless otherwise required by law or court order. In keeping with the confidential nature of the arbitration, You and Company agree that an order confirming award is only necessary if the obligations of the award have not been performed.  Therefore, before taking any steps to confirm the arbitration award, the party seeking confirmation of the award must give the other party notice of its intention to confirm the award.  If the party who would be the respondent in any such confirmation proceeding performs its obligation under the terms of the arbitration award within 15 business days of such notice, the party who gave notice of its intent to confirm the award shall not seek to confirm or otherwise enforce the award.

### US Residents ###

(1) **Each of You and Company also agrees to give up the ability to seek to represent, in a class action or otherwise, anyone but each of you and Company** (see paragraph 4(b) above).

(2) These Terms of Use evidence a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.  This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of the Terms of Use.

(3) Any arbitration between you and Company will be conducted by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”), pursuant to the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures effective July 1, 2014 (the “JAMS Rules”), as modified by this agreement to arbitrate.  The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator, and if you and Company cannot agree on who that single arbitrator will be, the arbitrator will be appointed pursuant to the JAMS Rules, with the participation and involvement of Company and you pursuant to JAMS Rule 12.  The JAMS Rules are available on its website at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/.  The Consumer Arbitration Minimum Standards are available at https://www.jamsadr.com/consumer-minimum-standards/. The arbitrator is bound by these Terms of Use.

(4) If either you or Company wish to arbitrate a claim, you or Company must first send by mail to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving notice, the specific facts giving rise to the Dispute, the Company Service to which the Notice relates, and the relief requested.  Your Notice to the Company must be sent by mail to: Arbitration Notice of Dispute, 2121 Avenue of the Stars, 7th Floor, Los Angeles, California, 90067.  Company will send any Notice to you at the contact information we have for you or that you provide.  It is the sender’s responsibility to ensure that the recipient receives the Notice.  During the first 45 days after you or we send a Notice to the other, you and we may try to reach a settlement of the Dispute.

(5) If you and we do not resolve the Dispute within 45 days, either you or we may initiate arbitration in accordance with the JAMS Rules.  Further instructions on submitting a Demand for Arbitration may be found at http://www.jamsadr.com/files/Uploads/Documents/JAMS_Arbitration_Demand.pdf.  In addition to filing this Demand for Arbitration with JAMS in accordance with its rules and procedures, you must send a copy of this completed Demand for Arbitration to the Company at the address listed above to which you sent your Notice of Dispute. 

(6) JAMS charges filing and other fees to conduct arbitrations.  Ordinarily, the claimant has to pay the filing fee to initiate arbitration, but if you wish to commence an arbitration against Company, you and the Company acknowledge and agree to abide by the following:

- If you are seeking to recover less than $10,000 (inclusive of attorneys’ fees), Company will pay the filing fee on your behalf or reimburse your payment of it.
- If you are seeking to recover $10,000 or more, you will have to pay the filing fee charged by JAMS, but Company will reimburse the filing fee if you prevail on all claims decided upon by the arbitrator.
- Company and you agree that, if the claims to be arbitrated total less than $10,000 (inclusive of attorneys’ fees), the claim ordinarily should be decided on written submissions only, without a telephonic or in-person hearing. Company will not request a hearing for any claims totaling less than $10,000. This provision shall not be construed by the arbitrator to deprive you of any rights you may have to a telephonic or in-person hearing in your hometown area pursuant to the JAMS Rules.
Company and you agree that, if the claims to be arbitrated total $10,000 or more, the arbitration will occur in a manner and place consistent with the JAMS Rules.
- (7) Regardless of how the arbitration proceeds, each of you and Company shall cooperate in good faith in the exchange of non-privileged documents and information as necessary in accordance with the JAMS Rules, and the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain his or her findings and conclusions.
- (8) With the exception of subpart (b) in paragraph (4) under “Dispute Resolution: Arbitration Agreement” above (i.e., the waiver of the ability to proceed on behalf of multiple claimants or a purported class), if any part of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, then the balance of this Arbitration Agreement shall remain in effect and be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, or illegal provision were not contained. If, however, subpart (b) in paragraph (4) under “Dispute Resolution: Arbitration Agreement” is found invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void, but the rest of these Terms, including the provisions governing where actions against Company must be pursued, the choice of governing law, and our mutual waiver of the right to a trial by jury, will remain in effect and apply to any claim that, for this or any other reason, proceeds in court rather than in arbitration.

## Indemnity ##

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Fox and its affiliates, and their respective successors and assigns, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, licensors, suppliers and service providers harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising in any way out of or in connection with (a) your use of this Site, (b) your breach or violation of these Terms of Use; or (c) your violation of any rights of another. Fox reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you and all negotiations for its settlement or compromise, and you agree to fully cooperate with us upon our request.

## Governing Law & Dispute Resolution ##
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provision; or Republic of India, depending on which jurisdiction you reside in. Subject to the clause above titled ‘Dispute Resolution: Arbitration Agreement’ You and Company agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in New York, New York, if you are a US resident, or Bangalore, India, if you are an Indian resident, to resolve any Dispute arising out of these Terms or this Site.

US RESIDENTS HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS, OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS) ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE.

YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THIS WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR FOR US RESIDENTS AND THREE (3) YEARS FOR INDIAN RESIDENTS AFTER SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.  AFTER SUCH PERIOD, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE PERMANENTLY BARRED.

## Miscellaneous ##
These Terms of Use contain the complete and entire understanding and agreement between you and Fox concerning this Site and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous understandings relating to this website and your use thereof. These Terms of Use cannot be changed orally. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, if any provision of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.   The failure of Fox to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.

The Section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.  These Terms of Use operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.

You agree that any notices the Company may be required by applicable law to send to you will be effective upon Company’s sending an e-mail message to the e-mail address you have on file with Company or publishing such notices on the informational page(s) of this Site.

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Company as a result of these Terms of Use or your use of this Site.  A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice related to it shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form

Nothing contained in these Terms of Use limits Company’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Site or information provided to or gathered by us in connection with such use.

Fox reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of this Site and/or any Content, software, functions, and services on this Site, with or without notice, and/or to establish general guidelines and limitations on their use.

The Company is based in the United States and this Site is hosted in the United States.  If you use this Site from a jurisdiction other than the United States, you agree that you do so of your own initiative, and you are responsible for complying with local laws as applicable to such use.

These Terms of Use were last updated on August [18], 2021.

© Fox 2021. All Rights Reserved.